# ShopLoyalty

Introducing "Shop Loyalty" a revolutionary concept aimed at transforming
the traditional shopping experience into a seamless and rewarding
journey. The premise is elegantly simple yet profoundly impactful: as a
user steps into a store with the intention to make a purchase, they can
effortlessly engage with our innovative system by scanning a QR code
conveniently placed near the desired item. This action seamlessly
integrates the selected item into their digital shopping cart on our
website, streamlining the entire purchasing process.

But why go through this extra step, you might wonder? The answer lies in
the ingenious loyalty program embedded within the framework of Shop
Loyalty. Each time a user scans a product and proceeds to checkout,
their transaction is meticulously recorded, contributing to their
cumulative loyalty score. Over time, these purchases accumulate, paving
the way for exclusive discounts and rewards generously bestowed by the
discerning shop owners.

Imagine the thrill of acquiring your favorite items at a discounted
price, simply by being a loyal patron. With Shop Loyalty, there's no
need to wait endlessly for seasonal sales or promotions. Instead, every
purchase becomes a step closer to unlocking enticing discounts,
transforming routine shopping into a gratifying experience filled with
excitement and value. Embrace the future of retail with Shop Loyalty,
where every scan brings you closer to unparalleled savings and
unparalleled satisfaction.

<img style="display: block; margin: auto" src="./client/src/assets/qr_code.png" alt="QR code of author" />

## License

ngx-cube-loader is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/KostaD02/ShopLoyalty/blob/main/LICENSE)
